this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing all right so we are going to
talk about Netflix's genius Instagram
strategy look at the insane number of
Instagram accounts owned by Netflix this
is written by David Park on Twitter or X
this strategy of making a bunch of
branded social media accounts multiplies
your impressions at a low cost Netflix
has divided their accounts by country
genre medium so like film TV comedy no
wonder I know they had this many
accounts on Instagram but I've seen so
many of their accounts specifically like
show related ones it's kind of crazy um
the biggest companies in the world
Netflix Coke Disney Etc also multiply
their accounts so hopefully this can
strengthen your conviction to try this
strategy as well do you guys do this for
uh MP digital uh no we don't typically
Our Brands don't have that
many products but what's funny is we do
have clients that have like 20 30 40
different accounts on Instagram but keep
keep in mind they like large Enterprises
worth hundreds and hundreds of billions
if not trillions of dollars and they've
gone that many Brands because they've
acquired like 10 companies a year for a
long time you know I mean I I've seen
this strategy like I've seen some people
on on Instagram maybe they had like two
or three th000 followers and now all of
a sudden they have like one like 200,000
followers and it's like it's just cross
promotion at the end of the day if you
have a bunch of people that are cross
promoting you through email you're going
to grow faster on email if you have a
bunch of people cross-promoting you on
let's say Twitter LinkedIn when you have
these pods like it just works that's how
I've seen a lot of these people go from
zero to a lot on Instagram just by
leveraging all these like Instagram pod
accounts and just paying them some money
and then all of a sudden they've grown
so it's a strong strategy it's just
something that we've seen in other
channels and we've seen it just poured
over to here the one thing I have seen
people replicate and Instagram wasn't
the Netflix wasn't the first to do this
I know a lot of businesses who have tons
of different social accounts based on
the country they're in because we we
work with some companies that are in
literally most of the major countries if
not all all the major ones that they're
allowed to do outside of sanctions cuz
some people like in the United States
businesses aren't allowed to do business
in places like Iran right due to
government sanctions there's a few other
countries as well uh but what you'll see
is them just creating social profiles in
every single language that their
customers are in all right so that is it
for today it's a short one please don't
forget rate R subscribe and we'll see
you tomorrow now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out you
enjoy the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you very much